Update documentation to use unified docker run command for Restate (#288)
restatedev/documentation: docs/quickstart.mdx

We can do this via the CLI:

```shell
restate dp add http://host.docker.internal:9080
```

Or via `curl`, by sending a request to the endpoint of the runtime at `http://localhost:9070/deployments`

> and providing it with the deployment endpoint of the service `http://localhost:9080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and providing it with the deployment endpoint of the service `http://host.docker.internal:9080`.
```
